Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Dr. Seuss

I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
Marilyn Monroe

Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Oscar Wilde

Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Albert Einstein

Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
Bernard M. Baruch

So many books, so little time.
Frank Zappa

A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Marcus Tullius Cicero

You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Dr. Seuss

You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Mae West

Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Mahatma Gandhi

In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Robert Frost

If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
J.K. Rowling

No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt

If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Mark Twain

A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
Elbert Hubbard

Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Oscar Wilde

Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Mahatma Gandhi

Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
Martin Luther King Jr.

To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Oscar Wilde

I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
Oscar Wilde

Without music, life would be a mistake.
Friedrich Nietzsche

To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Ralph Waldo Emerson

Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Narcotics Anonymous
